Improvements and version bumps re: Argo Rollouts Gateway API Plugin (#485)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/2.0.x/integrations/argo.md

   kubectl apply -n argo-rollouts -f https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/install.yaml
   ```

> 2. Change the config map for the Argo Rollouts pod to install the Argo Rollouts Gateway API plug-in. (Alternatively, use the Argo Rollouts Helm chart to instead use init containers to achieve the same thing. Both methods are documented [here](https://rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-gatewayapi.readthedocs.io/en/v0.8.0/installation/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change the config map for the Argo Rollouts pod to install the Argo Rollouts Gateway API plug-in as shown in the following example. Alternatively, you could install the Argo Rollouts Helm chart instead to use init containers to achieve the same thing. For more information about either method, refer to the [Argo Rollouts docs](https://rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-gatewayapi.readthedocs.io/en/v0.8.0/installation/).
```
